you usually had a terrible i just
I never interviewed than Morocco
over 5 why earlier
somewhere you usually write poetry is me when
I thought where to shoot you I thought where you
usually do it all here I write
poems
Well, I have no life I write poetry
so strange because here
for example this collection of small he me
It turned out literally there for the year Alina
Generally we will write anything, everything depends
from my creative rise if around
I am surrounded by interesting people
if they are full of love and i start here like
I read all the creatures of the spirit exhale here
too there when i can break from
the fact that it is a lot of where
going on here you just sit you
properly you wrote once there and
this time I wrote a song
cars really at the traffic lights
just that i stop turning on
emergency gang and frantically looking for a handle to
quickly forget the unusual place where
paper wrote up to 1 time wrote
it was not difficult
once wrote sheathed angel oyster mushroom it
broke through and commits memory
when memorizing the packages that are here in
my head is like this
I write sing for example I know this will be
hit
i'm here in general about the topic of men and women and
or 2 can talk a lot about women
I can spend hours on men smaller growth
women they are more real
although
so few real women standing and
in general it seems to me that men are
die out because of these
midshipmen
for which the Decembrist like that
I wanted to run, I don't know, drop everything and and
not thinking about anything so few of them left
and such units that if you suddenly
find something real need for it
holding on to just my love is missing her
on many
but I can not say that at all because
what sometimes
here I am separating all the same and when the most
close and peacefully yes cost legends
and the main thing is
the line of faith itself in your own way
with
time to eat
but only you
as
mute
listen to
I am a woman in all perceptions understand
despite the fact that I was dressed to
I never said how I always stay
I thought green
said that the biggest
Astana
what wants to have and
I want children from you
I love my family and moms
rays
all nikulin
salt
google
alex
morning sleep
look calm
at night your life
write poems love to create rice fingers
I like to cook even I like to please
people love to do like surprise gifts
I do a video clip before the horns
I like interesting people, it's a pity that this
present
available I am glad that there are a lot of them around me
me too 1
they somehow all songs
I was embarrassed by the fact that you or three
tagaz
or are you interesting
our club he is so narrow and
at the same time
what a shock i am now
Well, chickened out me
it so
bring up
they are very grateful
I have such cool friends
I'm cool friends
decent interesting people and your
thanks
and me